in humans on average the male body is
composed of around 15
fats the female body on average
is nearer 25 we don't talk very much
about what fat
is we're too busy resenting it
after adolescence the number of fat
cells in your body is unlikely to change
when you lose or put on weight your
cells simply
shrink or grow we eat food
which gets converted to energy and any
extra energy we don't use
is stored away fat cells are our
suitcases
microscopic luggage packed for future
survival
whether we've skipped breakfast or are
experiencing extreme famine
the energy stored in those cells keeps
us alive
saved our ancestors lives so that we
could live at
all what has that got to do with me the
female body has a higher fat percentage
because of pregnancy
because it might one day have two lives
to save when there's no food around
so i am fat oh no you're not listening
i'm joking
come on i want to go this way
okay get your stuff together
i am going to confront mum your mum
mother you can have her if you want
where's my celery
oh there's that's all i've got in the
house for dinner
you mustn't steal vegetables from a
vegan
you